README.md, before:

# review_siftr2_log  
This is the C code to parse and analyze logs generated by the customized SIFTR 2.2 tool.  
  
compile examples:  
  
compile in FreeBSD  
% gmake  
clang -std=c23 -O3 -Wall -Wextra -pthread -I. -o review_siftr2_log review_siftr2_log.c  
%  
  
compile in MacOS  
% make  
clang -std=c23 -O3 -Wall -Wextra -pthread -I. -o review_siftr2_log review_siftr2_log.c  
%  
  
run examples:  
  
% ./review_siftr2_log -f siftr2.log  
input file name: siftr2.log  
siftr version: 2.2  
flow id list:  
 id:dc420c5e (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:21988) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:24/24  
 id:a6912212 (127.0.0.1:21988<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:25/25  
 id:96bfb44e (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:36271) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3525401/3525401  
 id:9fbb68ef (127.0.0.1:36271<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3525457/3525457  
 id:89cafe54 (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:57233) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3612651/3612651  
 id:b583779a (127.0.0.1:57233<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3612708/3612708  
  
starting_time: 2025-10-01 11:30:37.909800 (1759332637.909800)  
ending_time: 2025-10-01 11:30:47.920214 (1759332647.920214)  
log duration: 10.01 seconds  
  
this program execution time: 0.002 seconds  
%  
  
% ./review_siftr2_log -f siftr2.log -s b583779a    
input file name: siftr2.log  
siftr version: 2.2  
flow id list:  
 id:dc420c5e (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:21988) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:24/24  
 id:a6912212 (127.0.0.1:21988<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:25/25  
 id:96bfb44e (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:36271) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3525401/3525401  
 id:9fbb68ef (127.0.0.1:36271<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3525457/3525457  
 id:89cafe54 (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:57233) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3612651/3612651  
 id:b583779a (127.0.0.1:57233<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3612708/3612708  
  
starting_time: 2025-10-01 11:30:37.909800 (1759332637.909800)  
ending_time: 2025-10-01 11:30:47.920214 (1759332647.920214)  
log duration: 10.01 seconds  
input flow id is: b583779a  
input file has total lines: 14276268  
plot_file_name: plot_b583779a.txt  
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ summary ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++  
  127.0.0.1:57233->127.0.0.1:5201 flowid: b583779a  
input flow data_pkt_cnt: 2402881, fragment_cnt: 963, fragment_ratio: 0.000  
           avg_payload: 16328, min_payload: 8, max_payload: 16332 bytes  
           avg_srtt: 364, min_srtt: 218, max_srtt: 5218 µs  
           avg_cwnd: 1402416, min_cwnd: 32664, max_cwnd: 1402809 bytes  
           has 3612708 useful records (2402882 outputs, 1209826 inputs)  
  
this program execution time: 5.320 seconds  
  
%

Commit message:

Keep a branch that can still parse the latest log by ALQ(9).
(cherry picked from commit 061f6a20a02a5ee0e0dde2d6b491eb3d66034581)

README.md, after:

# review_siftr2_log  
This is the C code to parse and analyze logs generated by the custom SIFTR 2.x  
tool that still uses the ALQ(9) for logging.  
  
compile examples:  
  
compile in FreeBSD  
% gmake  
clang -std=c23 -O3 -Wall -Wextra -pthread -I. -o review_siftr2_log review_siftr2_log.c  
%  
  
compile in MacOS  
% make  
clang -std=c23 -O3 -Wall -Wextra -pthread -I. -o review_siftr2_log review_siftr2_log.c  
%  
  
run examples:  
  
% ./review_siftr2_log -f siftr2.log  
input file name: siftr2.log  
siftr version: 2.2  
flow id list:  
 id:dc420c5e (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:21988) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:24/24  
 id:a6912212 (127.0.0.1:21988<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:25/25  
 id:96bfb44e (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:36271) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3525401/3525401  
 id:9fbb68ef (127.0.0.1:36271<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3525457/3525457  
 id:89cafe54 (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:57233) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3612651/3612651  
 id:b583779a (127.0.0.1:57233<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3612708/3612708  
  
starting_time: 2025-10-01 11:30:37.909800 (1759332637.909800)  
ending_time: 2025-10-01 11:30:47.920214 (1759332647.920214)  
log duration: 10.01 seconds  
  
this program execution time: 0.002 seconds  
%  
  
% ./review_siftr2_log -f siftr2.log -s b583779a    
input file name: siftr2.log  
siftr version: 2.2  
flow id list:  
 id:dc420c5e (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:21988) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:24/24  
 id:a6912212 (127.0.0.1:21988<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:25/25  
 id:96bfb44e (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:36271) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3525401/3525401  
 id:9fbb68ef (127.0.0.1:36271<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3525457/3525457  
 id:89cafe54 (127.0.0.1:5201<->127.0.0.1:57233) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3612651/3612651  
 id:b583779a (127.0.0.1:57233<->127.0.0.1:5201) stack:fbsd tcp_cc:CUBIC mss:16332 SACK:1 snd/rcv_scal:6/6 cnt:3612708/3612708  
  
starting_time: 2025-10-01 11:30:37.909800 (1759332637.909800)  
ending_time: 2025-10-01 11:30:47.920214 (1759332647.920214)  
log duration: 10.01 seconds  
input flow id is: b583779a  
input file has total lines: 14276268  
plot_file_name: plot_b583779a.txt  
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ summary ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++  
  127.0.0.1:57233->127.0.0.1:5201 flowid: b583779a  
input flow data_pkt_cnt: 2402881, fragment_cnt: 963, fragment_ratio: 0.000  
           avg_payload: 16328, min_payload: 8, max_payload: 16332 bytes  
           avg_srtt: 364, min_srtt: 218, max_srtt: 5218 µs  
           avg_cwnd: 1402416, min_cwnd: 32664, max_cwnd: 1402809 bytes  
           has 3612708 useful records (2402882 outputs, 1209826 inputs)  
  
this program execution time: 5.320 seconds  
  
%
